#summary Inferring the data model from API clients.

This source code analysis tool takes the source code of an API client as input, and produce a data model which describes what classes of data entities are used by this client, what associations exist between these classes, and how to retrieve each class of data entities by invoking the specific data retrieving API. Simply speaking, it can be regarded as tool that receive an XML-processing program and infer the XML schema for the target XML files of this program. Well, it is not specific XML files, but also other data source which can be access through general APIs.

The source code of this whole tool can be downloaded [http://smatrt.googlecode.com/files/DataModelInferenceOnWALA.zip here]. Currently, we implement directly on [wala.sf.net WALA]. That means we create our classes just inside the WALA packages, and sometimes even brutally changed the existing classes. Therefore, to avoid making them unhappy, we temporarily zipped the code for download, without putting it to the source repository.

We have eight test cases so far. The clients and inference results can be downloaded [http://smatrt.googlecode.com/files/test-cases-and-results.zip here]. To avoid the zip file being too fat, we delete the libraries. If needed, the libraries and the whole source code (also needed as a library for some of the cases) can be checked out from the svn address, which I recorded in a "svn.txt" file in each project. To repeat these test, please find the JUnit-plugin launchers in "com.ibm.wala.cast.java.jdt" (which is in the source zip file, not the test). We also provide the results directly in the test-case-and-result zip file. All the results are XMI files conforming to the EMF format, and is proper to browser under the tree viewer of EMF.